Walk home
Go to the hospital
It's alright, it's alright, I'll be at the hospital soon.
Hold on a little longer, little one.
Xiaoxiao
Wake up little
Don't fall asleep, Xiaoxiao, I'll be at the hospital soon.
Hold on, hurry up
Anybody? Help! Help
Xiao Xiao, you must live
Doctor, you must save him
Die Xiaoxiao, I won't let you die
You must not die
You give me a good life, little one
Since you are a quiet family member
Who are the family members?
Come here.
I am
Multiple soft tissue contusions on the patient's body
Plus it's malnourished.
Early pregnancy again
A surprise caused by too much mood swing
You can be transferred to the ordinary ward later.
Doctor, what did you just say?
Pregnant?